Add pre-commit section to Python dev docs (#5931)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/stable/dev/building/python.md

- The build happens in an isolated, ephemeral environment where cmake's paths point to non-existing directories
- Installing dependencies first, then building without isolation ensures proper cmake integration

### 3. Enable Pre-Commit Hooks

We run a number of linting, formatting and type-checking in CI. You can run all of these manually, but to make your life easier you can install the exact same checks we run in CI as git hooks with pre-commit, which is already installed as part of the dev dependencies:

```bash
uvx pre-commit install
```

This will run all required checks before letting your commit pass.

> You can also install a post-checkout hook that always runs `git submodule update --init --recursive`. When you change branches between main and a bugfixbranch, this makes sure the duckdb submodule is always correctly initialized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install a post-checkout hook that always runs `git submodule update --init --recursive`. When you change branches between main and a bugfix branch, this makes sure the duckdb submodule is always correctly initialized:
```
